docs: traversal paths cookbook (#2810)
jina-ai/jina: .github/2.0/cookbooks/Document.md

The first `DocumentArray` contains the `Matches` of the `Chunks` and the second `DocumentArray` contains the `Matches` of the `Chunks` of the `Chunks`.
The following `DocumentArrays` are emitted from the generator:
```python
from jina import Document
from jina.types.arrays import MatchArray

MatchArray([Document(id='c1c1m1', adjacency=1)], reference_doc=da['r1'].chunks['c1'])
MatchArray([], reference_doc=da['r1'].chunks['c2'])
MatchArray([], reference_doc=da['r1'].chunks['c3'])
MatchArray([Document(id='c2c1m1', adjacency=1),Document(id='c2c1m2', adjacency=1)], reference_doc=da['r1'].chunks['c2'].chunks['c2c1'])
MatchArray([], reference_doc=da['r1'].chunks['c2'].chunks['c2c2'])
```

`DocumentArray.traverse_flat` is doing the same but flattens all `DocumentArrays` in the generator. 
When calling `da.traverse_flat(['cm', 'ccm'])` the result in our example will be the following:

```python
from jina import Document, DocumentArray
assert da.traverse_flat(['cm', 'ccm']) == DocumentArray([
    Document(id='c1c1m1', adjacency=1),
    Document(id='c2c1m1', adjacency=1),
    Document(id='c2c1m2', adjacency=1)
])
```

> `DocumentArray.traverse_flat_per_path` is a further method for `Document` traversal.

Reviewer: a further method? is there maybe a better way to express it? Maybe it is easier to explain this one first and then the flatten.

And give example on when one may need this? f.e to sort matches in  a ranker

> `DocumentArray.traverse_flat_per_path` is a further method for `Document` traversal.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`DocumentArray.traverse_flat_per_path` is another method for `Document` traversal.
```
perhaps?
